cursor-style = block
shell-integration-features = cursor,sudo,no-title
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
window-decoration = auto
#background-opacity = 0.65
#background-blur-radius = 20
font-family = FiraCode Nerd Font Mono
# font-family = JetBrains Mono
font-size = 16
background = 171616
foreground = ffffff

cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true

macos-titlebar-style = hidden
macos-option-as-alt = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

confirm-close-surface = false
window-decoration = true
window-padding-x = 10
window-padding-y = 10
window-padding-balance = true

# keybindings
keybind = cmd+s>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+s>x=close_surface
title = " "
window-padding-balance = true
window-padding-x = 0
window-padding-y = 0
window-decoration = false

confirm-close-surface = false
shell-integration = zsh
